# ProxyAPISupport (Proxy API Support)

It is a library to add proxy functions to a software for communication between cloud client and server via API.
What is the proxy for?
The proxy allows you to have an access point with a static IP that is always available to clients, and to be able to keep the servers (the clouds) in a private intranet without a static IP and without exposing them directly to the internet, basically the clients that use the proxy they do not communicate directly with the cloud. The proxy also allows users of cheap private clouds to be able to install the cloud on a network without a static IP, as the clients will still have access to the cloud via the proxy which will always be available at a fixed and pre-established address.
What does the cloud identify the proxy: In the QR code that allows the client to connect, there are the public cryptographic keys and the position of the proxy, so a scan of the QR code is enough to let the client understand how to establish the connection.
The APIs are our exclusive and innovative implementation of the REST API protocol, to which we have added encryption to make them secure in the context of cyber security.
The traditional standard APIs do not have a robust information security system, at most they are protected by an https protocol which only covers the passage of information from client to proxy, but then on the proxy machine the information is unencrypted, and can be captured by by personnel assigned to the machine or by malicious software installed. Our cryptographic implementation protects the transit of packets in a highly secure way from client to cloud storage, and only the cloud software is the only one that sees clearly everything that is transmitted to it at the level of data packets.
This library allows you to create a proxy that can be queried by a set of commands by means of POST and GET methods, typical of the REAT api protocol, with the addition of a native encryption layer on the packet, this innovative non-standard security implementation , is our addition that works like this: In the QR code that the client uses to connect, there is either a cryptographic public key or encrypted information on how to find the public key, using the asymmetric encryption public key, is exchanged between clients and servers a symmetric encryption key which will be used to secure the communication. The proxy retransmits everything it receives from the client to the router via a TCP socket communication channel and the router retransmits them to the cloud which is identified via a digital identity created with a pair of cryptographic keys (in our infrastructure, every machine, server, cloud , proxy, messaging device, generates a cryptographic key pair and a pass phrase using Bitcoin technology, this cryptographic key pair corresponds to a digital identity and is used to uniquely identify the device, to secure packets by signing digital, and to encrypt data).
The system bases its security on the trustless concept (the most modern concept in the field of information security), that is, even programmers or those who manage the network, who wanted to see the messages that pass between the client and the cloud, cannot do so as technically backdoors are not feasible.
The function of the proxy is essentially to resend the packets it receives to the client or server, and some diagnostic functions on the problems encountered which are notified to the client by means of 4xx or 5xx response errors which, based on the number, describe the problem encountered so that support personnel and developers can figure out what's wrong and how to fix it.
When the proxy is initialized, it has a pair of cryptographic keys (public and private), which also create a digital identity of the machine, and this digital identity allows the router to identify the proxy and communicate with it.
Through this library, the proxy also generates a textual description showing the connected clients, the number of packets sent and received, the machine ID, the public encryption key, the entry point of the router, the connection status, the 'host (the internet location of the proxy), and other useful information.